first draft of martinize2 command tutorials (#616)
marrink-lab/vermouth-martinize: doc/source/tutorials/water_biasing.rst

    -id-regions WATER_IDRS [WATER_IDRS ...]
                          Intrinsically disordered regions specified by resid.These parts are biased differently when applying a water bias.format:
                          <start_resid_1>:<end_resid_1> <start_resid_2>:<end_resid_2>... (default: [])
    -idr-tune             Tune the idr regions with specific bonded potentials. (default: False)

These flags can be specified in conjunction with the Go model.

Water biasing for secondary structure
-------------------------------------

To apply a water bias to your protein dependent on the secondary structure, the first two flags
described above must be used.

``martinize2 -f protein.pdb -o topol.top -x cg_protein.pdb -dssp -water-bias -water-bias-eps H:1``

This will produce a coarse-grained model of your protein, with virtual sites along the backbone.
The virtual sites will be defined in an external file, which should be included in your topology
as per the Go model instructions.

There will also be a second file, defining the additional non-bonded interactions between
water and the secondary structure elements defined in the command. In this case, any residue

> identified as ``H`` (ie. helix) by dssp will have an additional Lennard-Jones interaction of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
identified as ``H`` (*i.e.* helix) by dssp will have an additional Lennard-Jones interaction of
```

epsilon = 1 kJ/mol between its backbone virtual site and water.

To define more interactions based on secondary structure, add more letter codes to the
``-water-bias-eps``:

``martinize2 -f protein.pdb -o topol.top -x cg_protein.pdb -dssp -water-bias -water-bias-eps H:1 C:0.5 E:2``

> Water biasing for idps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Water biasing for IDPs
```
Or write out the abbreviation. Or IDRs?
